


The SARs were leaked to the [[Buzzfeed]] website and shared with the [[International Consortium of Investigative Journalists]] (ICIJ). [[Panorama]] led the research for the [[BBC]] as part of a global probe. The ICIJ led the reporting of the [[Panama Papers]] and Paradise Papers leaks - secret files detailing the offshore activities of the wealthy and the famous. [[Fergus Shiel]], from the consortium, said the FinCEN [[Files]] are an insight into what banks know about the vast flows of dirty money across the globe… [The] system that is meant to regulate the flows of tainted money is broken. The leaked SARs had been submitted to the [[US Financial Crimes Enforcement Network]], or FinCEN between 2000 and 2017 and cover transactions worth about $2 trillion. [[FinCEN]] said the leak could impact [[US]] national security, risk investigations, and threaten the safety of those who file the reports. But [[last week]] it announced proposals to overhaul its anti-money laundering programmes. The [[UK]] also unveiled plans to reform its register of company information to clamp down on fraud and money laundering.The investment scam that [[HSBC]] was warned about was called WCM777. It led to the death of investor [[Reynaldo Pacheco]], who was found under water on a wine estate in [[Napa]], [[California]], in [[April 2014]]. Police say he had been bludgeoned with rocks. He signed up to the scheme and was expected to recruit other investors. The promise was everyone would get rich. A woman [[Mr Pacheco]], [[44]], introduced lost about $3,000. That led to the killing by men hired to kidnap him. He literally was trying to… make people's lives better, and he himself was scammed, and conned, and he unfortunately paid for it with his life,said [[Sgt Chris Pacheco]] (no relation), one of the officers who investigated the killing. Reynaldo, he said, was murdered for being a victim in a Ponzi scheme.